Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Donna Jochimsen: Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Donna Jochimsen: I'm pretty good. A little tired this morning but pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Too. I think it's in the air. I don't
Donna Jochimsen: Know, either, but I can do some extra sleep. I know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel the same exact way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was like it's been a long week already
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's only Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know. So tell me how your week went
Donna Jochimsen: I went pretty good. I like I said, I spent some time with one of my daughters and her kids and
Donna Jochimsen: Been in contact, not just contact, but I, but I actually called the rest. Everybody else I have four kids so
Donna Jochimsen: And it was good. They were all glad to hear from me again. I'm happy that I was back. Back then contact
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How'd that make you feel
Donna Jochimsen: Well, it makes me feel good and kind of bad because, you know, I, I'm the only parent now. And so I need to. I need to step up and be there more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: You always need your parents, no matter how old you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So true. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the plans are you going to go up to Oregon and spend time with one of your daughters.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, yeah, I am. I'm going to do that in the middle of middle of next month. I'm gonna let the web. Give it time for the weather to be a little bit better and
Donna Jochimsen: My granddaughter plays volleyball. And so I want to be there for one of our tournaments and the, the other one plays baseball and my daughter. Does the roller derby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh well.
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: My oldest daughter climbs mountains to the mountain climber wrote those the roller derby runs marathons.
I
Donna Jochimsen: asked her if she sleeps at all which she obviously doesn't have much time to do because she also works in a women's shelter at night, and I'm a little concerned about her but sounds a bit like overachieving to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Staying busy. That's an active life. Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: That is an active life. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Verse. Very much so. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just sounds like she's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Living life to the fullest.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah well alive. She definitely is full of life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I you know I think back to when my kids were little, and I couldn't imagine you know three kids playing sports.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I just how do you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep up with kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing that stuff and one was hard enough. I mean, it was practice every day and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like our busy, busy life.
Donna Jochimsen: Yep. She has a busy, busy life. But I think she's pretty happy with it. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. Yeah. Now we've just got to get you to the point
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, this is a hard week for me, this would be the second anniversary of my husband's death, and we were married for like 42 years so
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it's, it's hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: What do you have my kids need me all the more right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They do, yeah, they lost them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, and it would be good that you congregate with them because you need them to
Donna Jochimsen: I definitely need them to. That is right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to do to honor him.
Donna Jochimsen: Um, you know, I'm going to go spend some time with his mom day
Donna Jochimsen: She's still alive and she had a terrible year that year, her husband died in December and that our son died in February.
Donna Jochimsen: So, yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm going to spend some time with her that day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Donna Jochimsen: My kids are all working and busy. So I'm going to spend time with my mother in law.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I think that's awesome. What has been the outcome with your dad and your brother.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, we're trying to work it out. We're trying to get this so
Donna Jochimsen: Not all the responsibilities on me and he's doing better, but he does have a full time job. And you know, that's how I ended up doing it all.
Donna Jochimsen: I would love for my dad to go live with him right now. I guess it's not possible. There's not enough room for him, but they're working on that trying to see if they can figure out how to get bad to move in with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, the he has a big enough house to do that. It's just that right now. He's got his son and two granddaughters staying there.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know. Anyway, we're trying to figure out how to do this.
Donna Jochimsen: So that not all the pressures on me. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, even if he had your dad you know halftime. You know what I mean.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah yeah yeah I yeah I do know I
Donna Jochimsen: Just scraping out a couple hours here on air. Sometimes it's hard. Yeah, but, but he's doing better. He is doing better.
Donna Jochimsen: He didn't do very well i'll be me for a while, and I've been after him for months now. So I, I need some help. I can't do it all. And he's like, Yeah, yeah, I'm busy. And hey, help, you know, but he's doing, he's doing a little bit better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And how did your dad receive being over there.
Donna Jochimsen: My brothers.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, was it's really odd because my brother bought the house that we grew up in from my dad when after everybody had left and my mom died. And so it's actually his old home and you would think that he would be more comfortable there but he's not
Donna Jochimsen: He doesn't get along with my brother, very well.
Donna Jochimsen: He just it just, I think it brings back old memories for him that make him not feel comfortable
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you asked him.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah. He just, he's like that. Joe, I don't even like Joe like well I know you don't like him, but you love him. I, you know, and it is your house, but they've remodeled it so it looks different.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know, he's just not happy. He doesn't like going over there.
Donna Jochimsen: But he might not have a choice he really, he is really to a point where he cannot be on his own, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: He can't he doesn't know if he's taking his medicine or not, even though I have it all in the tray. He doesn't even know what day it is.
Donna Jochimsen: You don't know if it's six o'clock at night or six o'clock in the morning, you know, just his, his dementia has gotten really bad and gets worse by the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's no way that you can get her time and help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who
Donna Jochimsen: Medicare and be, you know, I should I should have been being paid for doing that all along. I should have because I used to do that job about it. I used to do that. But it just when I started helping him. It just started out he needed help with shopping and laundry, you know, things like
Donna Jochimsen: That that he couldn't get out to because he doesn't drive anymore and so that wasn't too bad, but then it just slowly accumulated to where it's now full time care he doesn't he can't do really anything for himself.
Donna Jochimsen: And we're afraid to leave him alone. He's got now a wander down the street, before he called 9111 time just to tell him he thought he should be arrested, you never could say why but just he's definitely not thinking right
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that would be something for you to be able to look into.
Donna Jochimsen: It. Yeah, we definitely need to start looking into that.
Donna Jochimsen: I should have done it a long time ago. Like I said, I could have been being paid for doing that because I used to do that is what a job that I used to have. So
Donna Jochimsen: We definitely need to look into that further.
Donna Jochimsen: Ideally, he needs to he really does need to be living with someone else, you know, you can go. You can go to the bathroom and shower up you remind them, you can take care of his personal needs. But he's just not always president
Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: And even if
Donna Jochimsen: His emotions are really unregulated. He gets angry for the silliest things cries a lot, you know, just just having a hard time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Must be frustrating to, you know, being not being able to take care of yourself, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh, I know. I mean, I, I can't even imagine.
Donna Jochimsen: how that feels. Because he was always the dad, you know, the big strong man and the family and he no longer is that it makes me angry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah hurts him frustrates him, you know, definitely. Yeah. Be, you know, self sufficient human and then regressing to having to be taken care of. It's got to be
Donna Jochimsen: Yep.
Donna Jochimsen: I can't even imagine I have a lot of patience with them because I, I see that you know
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not
Donna Jochimsen: A hard time with having but we just go on. What do you know what else you gonna do the hardest thing, I think, was that
Donna Jochimsen: When you started needing help my husband had only died about six months before the hat. So I basically went from caring for my husband to caring for my dad and just a matter of a few months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you haven't been able to take care of, Donna. For How about
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know, I'm not sure. It's been a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what can I ask what your husband died.
Donna Jochimsen: He died of liver cancer.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it was not a pleasant way to die. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was in sick for a long time.
Donna Jochimsen: He was sick for a long time.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, he had he had a he had habitat. He had hepatitis B chronic hepatitis B and he didn't actually get sick until the last few years, a couple years of his life, but
Donna Jochimsen: And I think he was diagnosed with cancer, like in April and died the following February, but he was. It was a very awful sickness.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, liver disease. It's been a pleasant thing anyway and then
Donna Jochimsen: Of course, cancer, and all the chemotherapy was just absolute hell.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I had to have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You haven't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You haven't had a reprieve in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A long time
Donna Jochimsen: No, I haven't. I have had a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I hope that you know these things work out with you and your brother so that he can at least have a hard
Donna Jochimsen: Time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Donna Jochimsen: They have to because like I said, My dad is like he just
Donna Jochimsen: Fires care beyond what one person can do. He just does
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And for the meantime have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you looked into him being able to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Caregivers so that you can get a day or so, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: I have, I have not. But
Donna Jochimsen: But my we need to do that. We definitely do.
Donna Jochimsen: His income was just a little too high for some things when we looked into it. A couple of years ago, but his situation has changed so much. Now, that it would be a lot cheaper for them to help or do they happen to have him in a convalescent hospital or something like that. So,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, it might be different now.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something to look into, you know, for you.
Donna Jochimsen: For sure. I honestly, I did not think that my dad would still be alive. He's, he's had so much so much physical issues also that I really didn't think that he was going to survive this long. So you know we did it. We didn't do very good long, long term planning on this.
Donna Jochimsen: Day by day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it'll get better.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, it will it will, and I'm just, I'm really happy to just have my dad, I am
Donna Jochimsen: And I don't really mind caring for him, but it is a lot. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And having a break. Once in a while. Doesn't hurt.
Donna Jochimsen: No, it's necessary. If I don't get one every once in a while, I start getting impatient and I just get too tired. I need more rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Donna Jochimsen: Myself. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you go to a meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: I go to meetings. I've been going to a meeting here in town. And so I go to one once a week, but I'm looking into doing online meetings.
Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: And I've looked into women for sobriety, I think, is the one that I'm going to join.
Donna Jochimsen: By this last week, looking at a couple of different groups and looking at their literature. You know what they, their goals are, what they're trying to do.
Donna Jochimsen: And I think probably going to do the women for sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. I'm going to check that out myself and explore it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that you do that's going to help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your recovery is important, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sobriety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to get people engaged in in something, you know, outside of treatment is a little bit challenging at times, you know, because it's thinking outside that box, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah yeah
Donna Jochimsen: I know my lower
Donna Jochimsen: Diaper time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Short term. It's not a long term thing, you're not going to be in treatment your whole life.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Donna Jochimsen: We're having internet problems here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh, or
Donna Jochimsen: Up or having internet problems here. Now I can hear you. There you are. Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: I got you back.
Donna Jochimsen: Well,
Donna Jochimsen: Now you're gone again.
Donna Jochimsen: Don't know if you can hear me. But if you can
Donna Jochimsen: I've lost you here.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know who's issue. It is
Donna Jochimsen: I repress
Donna Jochimsen: Didn't know what to do.
Donna Jochimsen: Got myself that happen.
Donna Jochimsen: Oh I tap the screen too many times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay, got it back. I had to leave the meeting and come back in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I don't know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is going on. I don't know my zoom it just seems to be going in and out, too. So I think it's your site in my side.
Donna Jochimsen: I'm not sure, but we've definitely had a problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So you're saying it's not your first rodeo.
Donna Jochimsen: No I it's not I've quit a few times but oddly enough, my real danger. The point is about one and a half years and
Donna Jochimsen: I and I think that that's part of it that that I get the I'm clean part. Now I'm not using but with the groups. I've been doing and the help I was getting I sort of stayed stuck in that mode and beta forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Donna Jochimsen: You know into. Okay, now I've done this, what do I do now, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, and and i think that that's I thought, I thought about that a lot because when you have a pattern like that. This will be my third or fourth time of having a year and a half.
Donna Jochimsen: And then falling back into it for a short period of time and i and i think that that is what I came up with is, it's because I'm staying and just just die recovery mode and not moving forward.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a piece of it too is putting one foot in front of the other, doing things differently. Stepping outside of your box you know trying new things and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Building, you know, as a support network so that you have people to go out to coffee with or you know what I mean to that are doing the same thing you're doing, you know,
Donna Jochimsen: Or not. I would love to just know people that have never used in her life. You know, sometimes I get sick of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, is there not something else we can talk about
Donna Jochimsen: Let's
Donna Jochimsen: Fight. Let's just move on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get
Donna Jochimsen: Real about it a little bit, you know, although I need you know i i needed the self reflection I needed to learn those things about myself. I did that and i and i think i feel much more positively about you guys about Brad heart. I feel like it is an opportunity to move forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, good, good. It's definitely you're able to move, that's for sure. You're not my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely can can go places and travel and, you know, and still have that support system in your pocket.
Donna Jochimsen: You know that has just been a lifesaver because
Donna Jochimsen: With my dad. It's just not always just not always easy for me to get out this way I can just get him comfortable go in the other room and you know and so far it's worked out great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. So what are we going to work on this week.
Well,
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know. I'm still busy working on the things you gave me last week and
Donna Jochimsen: Honestly, you know, I want to do actually do have do my first meeting with women's for sobriety and because that I'm just checking it out because they're there was a lot to read and I want to do my first time my first meeting there.
Okay.
Donna Jochimsen: Let's see, what else do I want to work on this week.
Donna Jochimsen: Definitely stay in contact with my kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: staying consistent with the that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: staying consistent good
Donna Jochimsen: Let's see.
Donna Jochimsen: I don't know. I don't, I don't feel like I need to. I don't want to make
Donna Jochimsen: You know, don't from one thing to the next. I kind of want to stay consistent with the things I did. I've done yeah I'm doing and
Donna Jochimsen: So my feet under you know my feet under me with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let's just let's just do it just, you know, so the next step is engaging getting involved and engaging. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll just stay on that track and see how things go. And I'll be curious to see how you felt about the meeting.
Donna Jochimsen: Yeah, we do.
Donna Jochimsen: You know I'm anxious to do that. I just like I said, I've spent
Donna Jochimsen: My downtime. The last week, reading the literature and and they're really pot. You know, it's a very positive group all honest all about supporting women so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women are can can be that way. You know what I mean, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're powerful force to be reckoned with. When
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get a group of them together.
Donna Jochimsen: Alone. They can be a powerful
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, so I'm really, I'm anxious to see how that goes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so when are you planning on going to your first one
Donna Jochimsen: Well, I think it was maybe tonight. I think there's one tonight.
Donna Jochimsen: Tuesday. Tuesday. I can't remember what Tuesday's Fridays. But I think there's there's one tonight. I'm sure that I remember Tuesday, because I thought, well, I'm kind of I have my early appointment and that's when I'll be in the evening, but that's okay. I can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then you'll stay consistent with saying in contacting daily contact with your kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Donna Jochimsen: I'll continue working on mindfulness staying present in the moment instead of in the past or the future. So, okay.
Donna Jochimsen: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. All right. Well, I will let you go and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Donna Jochimsen: Well, maybe I might take a little nap. First, cuz I'm a
Donna Jochimsen: Little tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you. I don't blame me, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know definitely get enough rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but healthy food in your body.
Donna Jochimsen: You know, yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Donna. I will let you go let you take a nap, and I will see you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week,
Donna Jochimsen: All right, Rebecca. Yep.
Donna Jochimsen: Okay there you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a great week.
Donna Jochimsen: Yep. Do you too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, invite